I received a message — a message that gave me a huge boost of motivation! A longplay of my first hack was uploaded on YouTube (just one day after it released) by the 'Hack Games Longplay Channel,' and I immediately showed it to my parents and friends. Currently, that longplay has nearly 38,500 views, and I still find that incredibly exciting!

However, what started as quick joy quickly turned into uncertainty. The hack didn’t even have its own logo; I immediately thought of the title screen from Mallory’s SSML. Just a few minutes after my complete dissatisfaction, I realized that YY-CHR existed! So, I created a (in my eyes) hastily made 'DX' version in just one hour, which only includes minimal changes (including the (really cheap) title screen). Okay, I’m already putting brackets inside brackets — I’ll explain! Back then, I thought these minimal changes were super cool, but now I think I should have just left it tbh...

In general, I tend to overthink what other people might think of me. The comments on the hack under the longplay were almost all positive. Especially the Japanese SML community thought Lost Land was cool! We all know that SMB2 is actually Doki Do-... Well yeah, Lost Land is indeed a reference to The Lost Levels.

I got a comment from YouTube user 'Francesco.Deo_1402,' who suggested an Easy Mode. I’ll be honest — I rushed it again... I just replaced some empty ?-blocks with Power-Ups in the editor. All of that took only about 20 minutes, and I’m not proud of it at all today. The Level 1-1 spawn kill hole was still there, by the way, lol!

My second ROM hack, 'Super Mario Bros. ARCADE-Edition,' was also rushed, but some people liked it (including me — I love the fast pace; I’m a big Sonic fan). It all became a bit too much for me, and I needed a break from ROM hacking...

Two days after SMLL DX (EASY MODE), I started working on my next SML hack. I just can’t help myself — I’m still working on it. It’s called 'SML: Second Subcon.' Don’t worry, I won’t spoil anything, but I can tell you — it’s going to be really, really good! It’s already about 90% finished; only levels left are 4-2 and 4-3. But I’ve learned from all the mistakes I made before, and it won’t happen again. I promise you — and myself.

Thank you so much if you’ve really read all of this!

Best regards,
Euer (<-- german btw., means your) Herzgut