Phew, how should I start this, hmm... Hi, I'm Herzgut, currently 21 years old, and a huge Super Mario Land fan. My first encounters with the game were on the Virtual Console of the 3DS eShop. I was about 10 years old at the time. I loved Super Mario Land, but as fate would have it, I lost my 3DS, and so SML and I went our separate ways... Well, that's what I would say if I simply hadn’t played on my 3DS anymore and had spent a thousand dollars on fricking Fortnite lol.

In 2020, I saw gameplay of SML again for the first time since the 3DS, but it wasn’t the original? The title said 'SUPER Super Mario Land', and I thought, what the hell is that, this is not how I remembered this classic? Turns out, it was a ROM hack from 2006 by Mallory. Since then, I’ve dreamed of creating my own Mario Land hack.

In April 2025, that dream finally came true. I fired up my two-year-old dusty gaming PC and found the SML Level Editor: Land Forger. I built SMLL in about 60 hours, roughly 20 of which were playtesting. When I uploaded Lost Land, I didn’t even know that editing tools like YY-CHR existed. I was still a total noob when it came to ROM hacking.

The lack of experience quickly showed. A friend I showed the hack to just an hour before the release on Romhacking.net told me that when Mario respawns, he falls straight into a ABYSS ... until it’s GAME OVER. Oh no, I thought—this can’t be true. In my rush to upload, I didn’t test many respawn screens. Also, because I never died at those points during testing. So I quickly took Lost Land down from GitHub, randomly tested where Mario respawns (I didn’t even know all the screens he respawns on back then—crazy, I know). I fixed every hole where he would fall straight to his death... or so I thought.

There was one exception: Level 1-1! Yes, right in the first level, there was a hole where the player would just keep dying until they were blessed by the title screen, until I released SMLL+. It’s super embarrassing because I only found out about this on Wednesday (04.06.2025) from a good friend of the ROM hack 'Super Mario Land 2012.' but it was too late, so I decided to honor that mistake in SMLL+ with a gravestone at exactly that spot. Sorry to all the gamers who suffered through that!